Update for our latest advice on news bullets (#222)
tidyverse/style: news.Rmd

Each user-facing change to a package should be accompanied by a bullet in `NEWS.md`. Minor changes to documentation don't need to be documented, but it's worthwhile to draw attention to sweeping changes and to new vignettes.

## In-development

> The goal of the bullet is to briefly describe the change so users of the packages can understand what's changed. This can be similar to the commit message, but written with a user (not developer) in mind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of the bullet is to briefly describe the change so users of the packages can understand what's changed. This can be similar to the commit message, but written with a user (not developer) in mind. It's worth emphasizing this point -- the reader of your NEWS entries is likely unfamiliar with the day-to-day development work or internals of your package. Think carefully about how to summarize what's changed and why it matters for them.
```

Author: I like it. I added another sentence to reinforce that if there isn't anything user facing, you don't need a bullet.

> New bullets should be added to the top of the file (immediatley under the first heading) and should be a single line (possibly wrapped). Organisation and wrapping will happen later, during the release process (Section \@ref(news-release)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
New bullets should be added to the top of the file (immediately under the first heading) and should be a single line. Organisation and wrapping will happen later, during the release process (Section \@ref(news-release)).
```

You say `(possibly wrapped)` then say `wrapping will happen later`, I found that a little confusing. I think we just encourage a single line?

Author: Hmmm, I was trying to say that the line might be so long that it wraps around but I worded it in a very confusing way.

```
# haven (development version)

* Second update.
* First update.
```

If the bullet is related to an issue, include the issue number. If the
contribution is a PR, and the author is not a package author, include the
GitHub user name. Both items should be wrapped in parentheses and will generally
come before the final period.

```
# Good
* `ggsave()` now uses full argument names to avoid partial match warnings (@wch, #2355).

# Bad
* `ggsave()` now uses full argument names to avoid partial match warnings.

* `ggsave()` now uses full argument names to avoid partial match warnings. (@wch, #2355)
```

## Pre-release {#news-release}

> Prior to release, the NEWS file needs to be thoroughly proofread, groomed, and organised into sections.

Reviewer 2: Do you want to explicitly mention line wrapping here since you referred to this section from above? Are we planning on "manually" line wrapping the NEWS file before the release? Should we specify a character limit?

Author: I have been manually wrapping, but I'm not sure it's that important?

### Breaking changes

API breaking changes should also appear in their own section at the top.
Each bullet should include a description of the symptoms of the change, and what

> is needed to fix it. The bullet should also be repeated in the appropriate section.

Reviewer 2: > The bullet should also be repeated in the appropriate section.

Oooh interesting, not sure if I always do that
